what ho prospective vault hunters sir
hammerlock at your service I hear you're
considering excursion to the borderlands
well let me be the first to warn you
that pandora has trained this world is
not what it once was
you may have memories of sand and dirt
occasional rock now we're all sorts of
new places to discover of the glossy
fascist beauty of the city of
opportunity the dangerous lushness of
the highlands the dangerous and to be
quite honest rather pungent caustic
caverns you think you know the bottle
ants you've seen nothing yet oh and also
you will probably be killed in one of a
thousand horrifying ways you see the
borderlands have been taken over by
Aleph arias so in so-called handsome
check and only you can stop him because
you are a badass you see of course what
variety of badass is up to you there are
four classes to choose from each with
their own unique strengths as well as
numerous heads and skins if you wish to
visually customize your character but
anyway let's talk violence Maya the
siren can use her phase lock ability to
control the battlefield in prison again
Emil healing her allies and dealing an
awful lot of elemental damage see those
bandits notice how they aren't on fire
Maya shall fix that the commando Axton
uses his saber turret to attract the
hatred of his enemies and deal a great
deal of damage he can also attach a
nuclear bomb to his turret
a hilariously large explosion every time
he deploys it which is fun if you're
interested in sniping or stabbing people
through the chest with a bloody large
katana then perhaps zero the assassin
might be more your speed at higher level
zero can move to the battlefields like
the wind slaying in his left and right
salvador the gunzerker can go into a
sort of rage mode where he gains massive
damage resistant and can dual-wield any
two weapons in the game oh speaking of
weapons Borderlands 2 has rather a lot
of them over 87 bazillion as it were all
of which you can trade with your friends
or store in your own personal deck you
see all of the loot in the borderlands
Gardens shields grenades and the like
are randomly generated so no two pieces
of gear are the same perhaps we'll find
a mini gun that shoots explosive rounds
or a submachine gun that covers your
enemies in asset or a pistol that
explodes like a grenade when you reload
it well I'm at it I should mention
grenades out in the borderlands grenades
are just as varied as the guns me
there's
millions of them and they can create
black holes or spray fire everywhere or
I'll give you an example have you ever
thrown a grenade that hones in on its
target sticks to them that explodes into
five separate grenades that cover
everything around them in acid because
of the borderlands you certainly can and
you'll almost certainly need to use such
devices oh you see the lovely locales of
the borderlands are filled with hundreds
of new and dangerous foes that'll rip
you to pieces in an instant and it's
creatures robot even deadly plant life
there's no into the number of things on
this planet that wish for your untimely
dear take the wormhole fresher spiky
fellow more than a little dangerous he
can attack you with his tentacles dive
underground to hide from your gun fire
and lob spikes at you from a distance
and if that weren't bad enough he can
also create a singularity around his
body pulling you into close range we can
skewer you on his retractable spikes and
he's only one of the many many opponents
will face off against don't even get me
started on the Nomad torture as the war
loaders the badass barkas look get me
the willies just thinking about them
fortunately for you brave adventurer as
you progress through your mission you'll
gain new skills powerful relics and
badass points which will allow you to
reach all new levels of badass missed
relics can improve any aspect of your
character from health to fire rate
vehicle speed while class mods can
improve certain skills far beyond their
maximum limit
for instance take a gander it's zeros
backstab skill which increases all melee
damage done against enemies who aren't
facing rip at its highest level backstab
gives zero an additional forty percent
damage but should you'll get a class mod
that puts an additional four points into
backstab yeah Booya plus seventy two
percent backstab damage as you use these
skills to destroy enemy isn't complete
quests you'll earn money gear and
experience all of which can be used to
improve your character skills of which
there are a great great mini by buying
the right skills you'll be able to cut
through your enemies like a hot knife
through a psycho you bad as you oh and
speaking of that attitude Borderlands 2
has a new system known as badass ranked
by completing the dozens of varied
challenges in the game you can increase
your badass rank and purchase stat
bonuses that apply to all of your
different characters and did i mention
that badass ranks are unlimited because
they are
to that in Borderlands to support
parties about 24 cares two players can
also play splitscreen on the same
monitor and then take that split screen
game online friendship and cooperation
ho the time has come baddest handsome
Jack's armies threaten to burn pantalla
to the ground and only you can stop him
grab your gun bring your friends and set
some psycho midgets on fire this is sir
hammerlock telling you the borderlands
are waiting